No, no, it's all a misunderstanding
Now I declare that you are the head of the family
From now on
Where are you and the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce?
The only person in charge of the project cooperation
Never change
Do you understand?
Understand
You leave, where is the ability to perceive advanced insights
No one is more suitable for this project than him
Right?
Hahahaha
That's right, it's only been two days
Fan Shao has achieved amazing achievements
I believe that under the leadership of Fan Shao
This project
Will give to Lingshi Group
Bringing immeasurable development prospects
Yes Yes Yes Yes
Did you hear that?
Are you now?
Be the person in charge of this project
That's what everyone expected.
Hey.
You were here last time
Deprive me of my family membership
Delete from the company
Again today.
Huh?
Let me be the person in charge if the group needs it.
Kick me when you're done
Mom, what do you take me for?
Oops, Fan'er, you're talking nonsense again, aren't you?
Mom did all this
It's all for your own good
Like you said.
You are your father's only son
He is the only heir to the Lin Group
Sure enough, she is an old woman in the world
If it was before
I'm afraid I'm really going to be the only one by you
The heir's words were blinded
What a pity!
I've already died once.
That's pretty good.
As the only legally integrated group
Really think about the company all the time
Instead, my mother knew she wanted me to take over the project again
Yes, but I have one condition.
willing to admit defeat
Make him Lin Chusheng pay me back the bet
I was immediately taken back to campus by the company